hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week and I bet you missed me unless
you just hit the next button because
you're probably just watching one of my
videos and
well anyway I'm glad that you are and if
you're one of those people out there
that binge on my videos a kudos to you I
love it and if you're not smash the
Subscribe button uh because apparently
my face is very bingeable now personally
if I looked at my face for this many
videos in a row there's another kind of
binging that I might do but this is
apparently PG YouTube stuff so I'll
actually stick with the script and tell
you all about today's control which is
cmmccontrolir.l2-3.6.3 test the
organizational incident response
capability yes you must test it you must
do things with that piece of paper that
you put in the shared Drive let's find
out
[Music]
thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try and understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of it already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here an on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero now let's jump
into it so I'm sure you probably just
watched the video that came right before
this about building your NC response
plan and if you didn't you go back and
check it out
yeah right here on this channel it's
there uh and you guessed it hot on the
heel is the requirement to have an
insane response plan or similar
instrument that defines how information
security and incidents will be handled
uh and responded to this control which
mandates that you actually
asked it you gotta actually use the
thing
I know it's like you went out and bought
all those cool cyber Security Solutions
and you hit the install button and then
you went and had lunch
she didn't test it you gotta test these
things you do because the bad guys will
and I don't want you to be hit by a bad
guy because you're important and I
believe in you
you've got this I digress all right uh
look I really can't emphasize this one
enough at the end of the day you must
test the policies all right standard
operating procedures mechanisms within
the within your computer to be sure they
will actually work much like uh you know
a fire alarm needs periodic testing to
make sure it will work when the real
emergency arises this control manage you
actually execute proper testing and be
able to prove your systems and processes
work now here's a hint love the hint uh
if you're don't have your incident
response built into your ticketing
system then maybe that might be
something you want to think about so
that you can automate this and if you're
too small to have a ticketing system
they're free and it's a really good idea
and if you are really really small like
under five people well you know that's
okay too just know that you've got to
have something in writing and you've got
to show that you test it from time to
time so let's take a look at what the
assessors are looking for on this one
fortunately they're only looking for one
thing they want to determine if the
incident response capability is actually
tested so what are they going to do
they're going to actually ask you to
demonstrate what happens when there is
an incident that might be putting in a
service ticket that might be looking
over your shoulder and saying hey
execute this policy uh if we were to
give a sample answer for our SSP we
would say something to the extent of hey
this is implemented see past it ticket
history quarterly risk management
meeting sop previously completed
incident response forms and again we
just sort of lay the evidence out for an
assessor to verify really no other way
to do it and hey and on call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who've had this defars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming a proper on-call
compliance hero can do for you and if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmfc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now like really right now you can
do it use your mouse move it groove it
get to it
I I'll you know what we'll edit that one
out
probably not uh look if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
or my unbelievable frequent quantity of
screw-ups reading scripts help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliances roll
it out this is what we do all day we got
a whole crew putting these videos
together for you we love doing it we
love the fact that you guys are watching
the videos and it's helping you get
compliant and more importantly be safer
out there so hey until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
[Music]
all right